*>>>>>>>>CHARMM22 All-Hydrogen Topology File for Proteins <<<<<<
*>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> December 2003 <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
* All comments to ADM jr. via the CHARMM web site: www.charmm.org
*               parameter set discussion forum
*
22  1
!
!
! references
!
!PROTEINS
!
!MacKerell, Jr., A. D.; Bashford, D.; Bellott, M.; Dunbrack Jr., R.L.;
!Evanseck, J.D.; Field, M.J.; Fischer, S.; Gao, J.; Guo, H.; Ha, S.;
!Joseph-McCarthy, D.; Kuchnir, L.; Kuczera, K.; Lau, F.T.K.; Mattos,
!C.; Michnick, S.; Ngo, T.; Nguyen, D.T.; Prodhom, B.; Reiher, III,
!W.E.; Roux, B.; Schlenkrich, M.; Smith, J.C.; Stote, R.; Straub, J.;
!Watanabe, M.; Wiorkiewicz-Kuczera, J.; Yin, D.; Karplus, M.  All-atom
!empirical potential for molecular modeling and dynamics Studies of
!proteins.  Journal of Physical Chemistry B, 1998, 102, 3586-3616.
!
!IONS (see lipid and nucleic acid topology and parameter files for
!additional ions
!
!ZINC
!
!Roland H. Stote and Martin Karplus, Zinc Binding in Proteins and
!Solution: A Simple but Accurate Nonbonded Representation, PROTEINS:
!Structure, Function, and Genetics 23:12-31 (1995)
!
!
!NEUTRAL FCC METALS (AG, AL, AU, CU, NI, PB, PD, PT)
!
!Hendrik Heinz, R. A. Vaia, B. L. Farmer and R. R. Naik, Accurate Simulation
!of Surfaces and Interfaces of Face-Centered Cubic Metals Using 12-6 and 9-6
!Lennard-Jones Potentials, Journal of Physical Chemistry C, 2008, 112, 17281-17290.
!
!
MASS  -1  FE        55.84700 Fe ! heme iron 56 (III)
MASS  -1  SOD       22.98977 NA ! Sodium Ion
MASS  -1  MG        24.30500 MG ! Magnesium Ion
MASS  -1  POT       39.10200 K ! Potassium Ion! check masses
MASS  -1  CES      132.90000 CS ! Cesium Ion
MASS  -1  CAL       40.08000 CA ! Calcium Ion
MASS  -1  CLA       35.45000 CL ! Chloride Ion
MASS  -1  ZN        65.37000 ZN ! zinc (II) cation
MASS  -1  AG       107.86820 AG ! Silver metal (HH et al. 2008)    
MASS  -1  AL        26.98154 AL ! Aluminium metal (HH et al. 2008)
MASS  -1  AU       196.96650 AU ! Gold metal (HH et al. 2008)
MASS  -1  CU        63.54600 CU ! Copper metal (HH et al. 2008)
MASS  -1  NI        58.69340 NI ! Nickel metal (HH et al. 2008)
MASS  -1  PB       207.20000 PB ! Lead metal (HH et al. 2008)
MASS  -1  PD       106.42000 PD ! Palladium metal (HH et al. 2008)
MASS  -1  PT       195.08400 PT ! Platinum metal (HH et al. 2008)
MASS  -1  MN        54.93804 MN ! manganese (II)
MASS  -1  FE2       55.84700 Fe ! iron (II)
MASS  -1  HG       200.59    Mg ! Mercury (II)
MASS  -1  NI        58.693   Ni ! Nickel (II)
MASS  -1  CO        58.933   Co ! Cobolot (II)
! Ion parameters from Benoit Roux and Coworkers
! As of 8/98 no NBFIX terms required
! 
RESI SOD       1.00 ! Sodium Ion
GROUP   
ATOM NA  SOD  1.00
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE   
RESI MG        2.00 ! Magnesium Ion
GROUP   
ATOM MG   MG   2.00
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE   
RESI POT       1.00 ! Potassium Ion
GROUP
ATOM POT   POT 1.00
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE
RESI CES       1.00 ! Cesium Ion
GROUP
ATOM CES  CES  1.00
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE
RESI CAL       2.00 ! Calcium Ion
GROUP
ATOM CA  CAL  2.00
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE
RESI CLA      -1.00 ! Chloride Ion
GROUP
ATOM CLA  CLA -1.00
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE
RESI ZN       2.00 ! Zinc ion, Roland Stote
GROUP
ATOM ZN   ZN   2.00
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE
RESI MN 2.00 ! manganese ion 
GROUP 
ATOM MN MN 2.00 
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE 
RESI FE2 2.00 ! iron(II) ion 
GROUP 
ATOM FE2 FE2 2.00 
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE 
RESI FE 3.00 ! iron(III) ion 
GROUP 
ATOM FE FE 3.00 
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE 
RESI HG       2.00 ! Mercury Ion
GROUP   
ATOM HG  HG  2.00
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE   
RESI NI       2.00 ! Nickel Ion
GROUP   
ATOM NI  NI  2.00
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE   
RESI CO       2.00 ! Cobolt Ion
GROUP   
ATOM CO  CO  2.00
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE   
RESI CU       2.00 ! Cobolt Ion
GROUP   
ATOM CU  CU  2.00
PATCHING FIRST NONE LAST NONE   
END
